Improve Contributing doc (#174)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/contributing.md

### "Developing" Docs (redwoodjs.com)

redwoodjs.com has three kinds of "developing" docs: Docs, The Tutorial, and Cookbooks.

The Tutorial is a standalone document that serves a specific purpose as an introduction to Redwood, an aspirational roadmap, and an example of developer experience. As such, it's distinct from the categories mentioned, although it's most similar to Cookbooks.

#### Docs

Docs are explanation-driven "how-to" content. They're more direct and to-the-point than the tutorial and cookbooks. The idea is much more about finding something or "getting something done" than any kind of "learning journey". 
<!-- like the tutorial, they're all about Redwood, whereas cookbooks can be about integrating third-parties with a little bit of slapstick humor along the way.  -->

Before you take on a doc, you should read [Form](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/form) and [Redwood Router](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/redwood-router); they have the kind of content you should be striving for. They're comprehensive yet conversational. 

> In general, don't be afraid to go into too much detail. We'd rather you err on the side of too much than too little. One tip for finding good content is searching the forum/github for prior art--what are people talking about where this comes up?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, don't be afraid to go into too much detail. We'd rather you err on the side of too much than too little. One tip for finding good content is searching the forum/github for prior art&mdash;what are people talking about where this comes up?
```

<!-- Right now Redwood doesn't have a dedicated Reference section, so we expect guides to be thorough. Use a table as a reference... -->

#### Cookbooks

<!-- damn adverbs -->
Cookbooks are  tutorial-style content focused on a specific problem-solution. They usually have a beginner in mind (if not, they should indicate that they don't&mdash;put 'Advanced' or 'Deep-Dive', etc., in the title or introduction). Cookbooks may include some explanatory text as asides, but they shouldn't be the majority of the content.

#### Making a Doc Searchable

[TODO] Searchability in and outside redwoodjs.com; outside meaning google, etc., inside meaning algolia.

### "Contributing" Docs (redwoodjs/redwood)

> These docs are in the Framework repo, redwoodjs/redwood, and explain how to contribute to Redwood packages. They're the docs linked to the in table above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These docs are in the Framework repo, redwoodjs/redwood, and explain how to contribute to Redwood packages. They're the docs linked to in the table above. 
```

# Contributing

> Love Redwood and want to get involved? You’re in the right place! There's several ways you can contribute to Redwood:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Love Redwood and want to get involved? You’re in the right place! There are several ways you can contribute to Redwood:
```

> Love Redwood and want to get involved? You’re in the right place! There's several ways you can contribute to Redwood:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Love Redwood and want to get involved? You’re in the right place! There are several ways you can contribute to Redwood:
```

- join the [community forum](https://community.redwoodjs.com/)
- triage [issues on the repo](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/issues)
- write and edit [docs](#contributing-docs)
- and of course, write code!

> Before interacting with the Redwood community, please read and understand our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

## Contributing Code

Redwood's composed of many packages that are designed to work together. Some of these packages are designed to be used outside Redwood too!

Before you start contributing, you'll want to set up your local development environment. The Redwood repo's top-level [contributing guide](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#local-development) walks you through this. Make sure to give it an initial read.

> For details on contributing to a specific package, see the package's README (links provided in the table below). Each README has a section named Roadmap. If you want to get involved but don't quite know how, the Roadmap's a good place to start&mdash;see anything that interests you? Go for it! And be sure to let us know&mdash;you don't have to have a finished product before opening an issue or pull request. In fact, we're big fans of [Readme Driven Development](https://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html). 

Reviewer: I thought the use of em-dash looked weird. But I've never used it myself, so didn't comment on it the first time I saw it. But now, looking through this again I once again got caught on the em-dash. So I had to look it up. Found this interesting article about it https://www.punctuationmatters.com/hyphen-dash-n-dash-and-m-dash/  Looks like you're technically correct in your usage. But his section on "Breaking the rules" was pretty much spot on how I felt about it :) 
> I usually use ‘space-n-dash-space’ instead of the m-dash – just to keep everyone happy. 

Some more reading about it tells me that we don't use m-dash in Swedish. That's probably why I think it looks weird. The Swedish wikipedia page even notes that (paraphrasing) "The em-dash isn't commonly used in modern Swedish, but it is used in English". Kind of like how English (sometimes) uses double space after period, but we never do.

Basically this is just me thinking out loud. Do what you want with it. 🙂

Author: Double spaces after periods :scream: I remember doing that in middle school. Never again. And thanks for the back-and-forth. That's super interesting/something I would've never known. 

Em-dashes are (another) one of my weaknesses. I removed the first one&mdash;it doesn't have to be there, especially since it's so closely followed by another. 

I tend to use the em-dash for the second function listed in the article:

> Separates an inserted thought or clause from the main clause

Never heard of the space-en-dash-space, and can't say I think it's better than just the em yet. But I'll try not to be as liberal in my use of them going forward. 

Literary aside: if you really want your punctuation mind to be blown, read Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian. He scarcely uses anything but a period. It's amazing. And also (as the title would suggest) terribly bloody/gruesome.

Reviewer 2: I ❤️ em dash.

Also, I ❤️ Cormac McCarthy.

Reviewer: Just searched online, and they have Blood Meridian at my local library. But, of course it's in Swedish. I'm sure it's still a great story, but I wonder if the translator managed to keep the punctuation mind-blowery...

What you want to do not on the roadmap? Well, still go for it! We love spikes and proof-of-concepts. And if you have a question, just ask!

|Package|Description|
|:-|:-|
|[`@redwoodjs/api`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/api/README.md)|Exposes functions to build the GraphQL API and provides services with `context`|
|[`@redwoodjs/auth`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/auth/README.md#contributing)|A lightweight wrapper around popular SPA authentication libraries|
|[`@redwoodjs/cli`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/cli/README.md)|All the commands for Redwood's built-in CLI|
|[`@redwoodjs/core`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/core/README.md)|Defines babel plugins and config files|
|[`@redwoodjs/create-redwood-app`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/create-redwood-app/README.md)|Enables `yarn create redwood-app`&mdash;downloads the latest release of Redwood and extracts it into the supplied directory|

> |[`@redwoodjs/dev-server`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/dev-server/README.md)|Maps lambda functions to URLs|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[`@redwoodjs/dev-server`](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/blob/master/packages/dev-server/README.md)|Configuration for the local development server|
```

#### Docs

Docs are explanation-driven how-to content. They're more direct and to-the-point than The Tutorial and Cookbook Recipes. The idea is much more about finding something or getting something done than any kind of learning journey.

Before you take on a doc, you should read [Form](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/form) and [Redwood Router](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/redwood-router); they have the kind of content you should be striving for. They're comprehensive yet conversational. 

In general, don't be afraid to go into too much detail. We'd rather you err on the side of too much than too little. One tip for finding good content is searching the forum and repo for "prior art"&mdash;what are people talking about where this comes up?

#### Cookbook Recipes

Cookbook Recipes are tutorial-style content focused on a specific problem-solution. They usually have a beginner in mind (if not, they should indicate that they don't&mdash;put 'Advanced' or 'Deep-Dive', etc., in the title or introduction). Cookbook Recipes may include some explanatory text as asides, but they shouldn't be the majority of the content.

> #### Making a Doc Findable

Reviewer 2: well done on this section 🚀
